Crazy woman, you dare to do anything to Yun Shao
Is to oppose our attack on the four major families
All the favorites here are the top gun ghosts in the West End
Are you sure you're not afraid? I'm the top of the West End
I am the Sakya clan of the Western District
Standing here doesn't deserve my eyes
No one can save your dad
My husband is a gamer
Governor Longyan Temple personally canonized the governor
Are you sure you want to touch us?
Hanging in the air
There's no one I can't move
Bird Master Law
Human trafficking
That's one of their sins.
If you ignore life
This is the second sin
Collude with foreigners to insult people
That's the third of his sins.
My son!
What my daughter has suffered
I give it back to you a thousand times over
Stop